Yeah, the cost of graduate school can vary widely, and it depends on a
couple of things. It depends on what type of program you're going to.
So, for instance, you know a master's program is generally going
to cost less than a PhD program is going to cause, because it's just
it's less time. Um, another factor that may influence that is whether
there is there are employment opportunities like within the department.
For instance, toe offset some of the costs of either tuition
or books or living expenses or something like that. Um, some departments
even offer stipends to their students, or they offer things like
reduce costs, housing eso. There are a lot of things that are gonna
affect kind of the overall total cost of going to graduate school.
I would certainly recommend, um, contacting the graduate schools that
you are interested in and seeing, or you know what things they offer
to help offset the cost of attending graduate school. Because you
may be surprised there may be a lot of things that they offer that
you weren't aware of